doc: security: Add TF-M ITS encryption (#2)
mswarowsky/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/security/tfm.rst

Hence, it is not possible to modify the TF-M minimal configuration to create your own variant of the minimal configuration.
Instead, the default configuration must be used as a starting point.

.. _tfm_encrypted_its:

Encrypted ITS
=============

TF-M implements a PSA internal trusted storage (ITS) with encryption and authentication.
For more information about the general features of the TF-M ITS service, see `TF-M ITS`_.

To enable the TF-M ITS encryption, use the Kconfig option :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_TFM_ITS_ENCRYPTED`.
The ITS encryption is transparent to the user as long as the Master Key Encryption Key (MKEK) is populated before usage.

On Nordic platforms, the hardware accelerated AEAD scheme ChaChaPoly1305 is used with a 256 bits key.
This key is derived with a key derivation function (KDF) based on CMAC.

> The input key of the KDF is the MKEK, a symmetric key stored in the Key Management Unit (KMU) of Nordic devices.

Reviewer: Should we then go for Nordic Semiconductor platforms as well, in line 98?

> The input key of the KDF is the MKEK, a symmetric key stored in the Key Management Unit (KMU) of Nordic devices.

Reviewer 2: Yes. I'll check with the rest of the team, but at least in the nRF Cloud world, Nordic alone is never acceptable branding. It always needs to be a full Nordic Semiconductor.

> The input key of the KDF is the MKEK, a symmetric key stored in the Key Management Unit (KMU) of Nordic devices.

Author: I changed it in L98 as well :)

* Add a partition called ``tfm_secure`` that spans ``mcuboot_pad`` (if MCUboot is enabled) and ``tfm`` partitions.
* Add a partition called ``tfm_nonsecure`` that spans the application, and other possible application partitions that must be non-secure.
* For non-secure storage partitions, place the partitions inside the ``nonsecure_storage`` partition.

> Using ITS storage with encryption

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Using ITS with encryption
```

Or maybe

Encrypted storage using ITS.

But please not Internal Trusted Storage storage.

*********************************

> TF-M allows to use its implementation of the PSA internal trusted storage (ITS) with encryption and authentication.
> For more info about the general feature of the TF-M ITS service see `TF-M ITS`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TF-M implements a PSA internal trusted storage (ITS) with encryption and authentication.
For more information about the general features of the TF-M ITS service, see `TF-M ITS`_.
```

> The ITS encryption can be enabled using the Kconfig option :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_TFM_ITS_ENCRYPTED` and
> is transparent to the user as long as the Master Key Encryption Key (MKEK) is
> populated before usage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable the TF-M ITS encryption, use the Kconfig option :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_TFM_ITS_ENCRYPTED`.
The ITS encryption is transparent to the user as long as the Master Key Encryption Key (MKEK) is populated before usage.
```

On nordic platforms the hardware accelerated AEAD scheme ChaChaPoly1305 is used with a 256 bits key.

> This key derived with a key derivation function (KDF) based on CMAC.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This key is derived with a key derivation function (KDF) based on CMAC.
```

> On nordic platforms the hardware accelerated AEAD scheme ChaChaPoly1305 is used with a 256 bits key.
> This key derived with a key derivation function (KDF) based on CMAC.
> The input key of the KDF is the MKEK, a symmetric key stored in the Key Management Unit (KMU) of the Nordic devices.
> The MKEK is protected by the KMU peripheral and its key material cannot be read by software, it can only be used by reference.
> As derivation label for the KDF the file id is used, that means that each file id uses a different AEAD key.
> So as long as each file has a unique file id, the key used for encryption and authentication is unique as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On Nordic platforms, the hardware accelerated AEAD scheme ChaChaPoly1305 is used with a 256 bits key.
This key is derived with a key derivation function (KDF) based on CMAC.
The input key of the KDF is the MKEK, a symmetric key stored in the Key Management Unit (KMU) of Nordic devices.
The MKEK is protected by the KMU peripheral and its key material cannot be read by software, it can only be used by reference.

The file ID is used as a derivation label for the KDF.
This means that each file ID uses a different AEAD key.
As long as each file has a unique file ID, the key used for encryption and authentication is unique.
```

> In order to strengthen our data integrity guarantees, the metadata of the ITS file (creation flags/size) are used as authenticated data in the encryption process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to strengthen our data integrity, the metadata of the ITS file (creation flags/size) is used as authenticated data in the encryption process.
```
Is it ok to remove guarantees here?

The nonce for the AEAD operation is generated by concatenating a random 8-byte seed and an increasing 4-byte counter.

> The random seed is generated once in the boot process and it stays the same until reset.

Reviewer 3: Chapter needs some english fixes from tech writers, otherwise LGTM.

* Add a partition called ``tfm_secure`` that spans ``mcuboot_pad`` (if MCUboot is enabled) and ``tfm`` partitions.
* Add a partition called ``tfm_nonsecure`` that spans the application, and other possible application partitions that must be non-secure.
* For non-secure storage partitions, place the partitions inside the ``nonsecure_storage`` partition.

> Encrypted ITS 
> *********************************

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Encrypted ITS
*************
```
